add terratest info (#84)
trussworks/Engineering-Playbook: infra/tf/terratest.md

# [infra](../README.md) / [Terraform](README.md) / Terratest Guide

Terratest is a Go framework that is used to test Terraform infrastructure code.

It executes the defined Terraform and then validates things you're asserting.

> ## Basic Terratest example fo a module

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Basic Terratest example of a module
```

> The most basic Terratest test you can write brings up an example in your `examples` directory and will then just tear it down without testing anything but that it runs.

Reviewer 2: Please consider rephrasing this like
```suggestion
The most basic Terratest test you can write brings up an example in your `examples` directory, tears it down, and will only test that it runs.
```

    test_structure "github.com/gruntwork-io/terratest/modules/test-structure"
)

func TestTerraformAwsEcrRepo(t *testing.T) {
    t.Parallel()

    tempTestFolder := test_structure.CopyTerraformFolderToTemp(t, "../", "examples/simple")

    testName := fmt.Sprintf("terratest-%s", strings.ToLower(random.UniqueId()))
    awsRegion := "us-west-2"

    terraformOptions := &terraform.Options{
        // The path to where our Terraform code is located
        TerraformDir: tempTestFolder,

        // Variables to pass to our Terraform code using -var options
        Vars: map[string]interface{}{
            "test_name": testName,
        },

        // Environment variables to set when running Terraform
        EnvVars: map[string]string{
            "AWS_DEFAULT_REGION": awsRegion,
        },
    }

    defer terraform.Destroy(t, terraformOptions)
    terraform.InitAndApply(t, terraformOptions)

}

```

### Other Examples

* [terraform-aws-alb-web-containers](https://github.com/trussworks/terraform-aws-alb-web-containers)
* [terrraform-aws-ecs-service](https://github.com/trussworks/terraform-aws-ecs-service)
* [terraform-aws-logs](https://github.com/trussworks/terraform-aws-logs/)

> ## Run "locally"

Reviewer 3: Do you mean running manually? 
```suggestion
## Run manually
```

> To run these tests "locally" against the `trussworks-ci` AWS account you'll need AWS access in our AWS organization. You'll need help from someone in #infrasec and follow the [setup instructions](https://github.com/trussworks/legendary-waddle/blob/master/docs/how-to/setup-new-user.md#setup-new-iam-user).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To run these tests "locally" against the `trussworks-ci` AWS account you'll need AWS access in our AWS organization. You'll need help from someone in #infrasec and must follow the [setup instructions](https://github.com/trussworks/legendary-waddle/blob/master/docs/how-to/setup-new-user.md#setup-new-iam-user).
```

You'll also need to install `aws-vault` and ensure your `./aws/config` file is setup correctly.

In most of our modules, there is a `makefile` that defines `test` so you'll run the following from the root of the repo you're testing:

```sh
AWS_VAULT_KEYCHAIN_NAME=login aws-vault exec trussworks-ci -- make test
```

## Configure CircleCI to run the tests

> How to configure circleci to run the tests automatically

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### How to configure circleci to run the tests automatically
```

Add a job to the `.circleci/config` file in the repository:

```yaml
terratest:
  docker:
    - image: *circleci_docker_primary
  steps:
    - checkout
    - restore_cache:
        keys:
          - pre-commit-dot-cache-{{ checksum ".pre-commit-config.yaml" }}
          - go-mod-sources-v1-{{ checksum "go.sum" }}
    - run:
        name: Assume role, run pre-commit and run terratest
        command: |
          temp_role=$(aws sts assume-role \
                  --role-arn arn:aws:iam::313564602749:role/circleci \
                  --role-session-name circleci)

>           export AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=$(echo $temp_role | jq .Credentials.AccessKeyId | xargs)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          export AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=$(jq --raw-output .Credentials.AccessKeyId <<< "$temp_role")" 
```
Just a suggestion but I think `xargs` is only being used to remove surrounding quotes, but the `--raw-output` switch can do that also.

Author: Hm... that's cleaner for sure. Gonna make that change.

          export AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=$(echo $temp_role | jq .Credentials.SecretAccessKey | xargs)
          export AWS_SESSION_TOKEN=$(echo $temp_role | jq .Credentials.SessionToken | xargs)
          make test
    - save_cache:
        key: pre-commit-dot-cache-{{ checksum ".pre-commit-config.yaml" }}
        paths:
          - "~/.cache/pre-commit"
    - save_cache:
        key: go-mod-sources-v1-{{ checksum "go.sum" }}
        paths:
          - "~/go/pkg/mod"
```

> You'll either add this job to an existing `workflow` definition to be run on every commit/push etc.

Reviewer 2: What's the other option?

Author: fixing.

### Configure AWS Keys for the CircleCI project

These tests are running as the `circleci` user account configured in the `trussworks-id` account.

To add the access keys go to the project settings page `https://circleci.com/gh/trussworks/<PROJECT NAME>/edit#env-vars`.
Set `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID` and `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` to the current values.

> These keys are rotated weekly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These keys are rotated daily.
```

### Update the Key rotator configuration

> We have automation in place that updates the rotated keys daily so you'll need to add this repo to that configuration if it is running Terratests on ci.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We have automation in place that updates the AWS Access Keys used by CircleCI daily so you'll need to add this repo to rotator configuration if it is running Terratests against the trussworks-ci AWS account .
```

> We have automation in place that updates the rotated keys weekly so you'll need to add this repo to that configuration if it is running Terratests on ci.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We have automation in place that updates the rotated keys daily so you'll need to add this repo to that configuration if it is running Terratests on ci.
```
